~Boston Commons~Wandering around the Boston Commons and Public Garden~The dual jewels of the Emerald Necklace perfectly reflect the vision of venerated landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted. Depending on the season, you can ice-skate on Frog Pond, play softball or tennis, or simply lounge with a book on the 50-acre Boston Common. But its smaller adjunct across Charles Street, the Public Garden, is the real star; it’s the perfect park in miniature, with pathways designed for promenading, formal flower beds and a petite lagoon fringed with weeping willows.~Park~Fenway Park~Root for the home team at the Fenway Park~As the oldest ballpark in the majors, it’s one the smallest, with a capacity of around 38,000, meaning tickets can be hard to come by for big games. Fortunately, public tours are offered year-round, wowing even non-baseball types by detailing the park's colorful history and intricate details.~Fenway~Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum~Explore the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum~As per Gardner’s explicit instructions, the museum stands “for the education and enrichment of the public forever.” The ISG’s most famous treasures remain unlabeled, turning the whole thing into a glorious guessing game (printed guides in each room are on hand to help, as is the museum's website). The museum also boasts a flower-filled courtyard that blooms all year long.~Museum of Fine Arts~Boston Public Library~Learn something new at the Boston Public Library~At nearly 1 million square feet, the BPL impresses like few libraries can. The original structure, designed by Charles McKim and completed in 1895, is now the research library, while an extension (opened in 1972) functions as the general library. Talks, performances, and tours delight culture vultures, and recent renovations have introduced interactive elements to the complex.~Copley~Frog Pond~Go ice skating on the Frog Skating~Bundle up, grab your skates (or rent some), and take a spin in the middle of America's oldest public park—preferably on a clear, starlit night. Rink snobs need not worry: the Frog Pond is Zamboni-slick and has its own ice-making system. On special event nights, holidays, and busy weekends, the rink can get crowded, providing colorful people-watching opportunities for those staying on the sidelines.~Park~Museum of Fine Arts~See world class art at the Museum of Fine Arts~Of particular note is the collection of American art, including Paul Revere’s Liberty Bowl and paintings by John Singleton Copley; the Egyptian collection, much of which was acquired through excavations in conjunction with Harvard University; the Japanese collection (the first in America, and one of the finest in the country); and the Impressionist and Post-Impressionist sections, including one of the largest collections of Monet's work outside Paris.~Museum of Fine Arts~Arnold Arboretum~Smell the flowers at the Arnold Arboretum~As a National Historic Landmark, the Arboretum is one of the best preserved of Olmsted’s landscapes. With thousands of trees, shrubs, and woody vines, it's also recognized as one of the most comprehensive and best documented of its kind in the world. Take a stroll on a nice day to see bursts of green, blooming flowers, and plenty of birds.~Green St